Teenager sells her old bath water in bottles
A woman in England is selling her bath water.
It is so popular that the water has sold out.
The woman is Instagram cosplay model Belle Delphine.
She has over four million followers across the social media site.
She posted a video to her Instagram page advertising small jars of her old bath water for $30.
In the video, she said: "Gamer boys - It's time to get your gamer girl bath water."
She added: "This water is not for drinking and should only be used for sentimental purposes."
She then winks at the camera and lets water from her mouth drip into a small bottle.
Thousands of her fans eagerly placed an order for the water.
Her entire stock of 500 jars of the water sold out within two days.
Belle Delphine is a 19-year-old Londoner.
She has gained a lot of popularity on social media by sitting in a bath filled with water in skimpy clothes.
She also calls herself Gamer Girl.
Selling her old bath water is her latest idea to make money from her followers.
Another way she makes money is by selling selfies of herself.
Followers can pay up to $2,500 for some of the selfies.
Belle said she is constantly trying to "come up with weird ideas" to make money.
Her bath water idea has not been popular with everyone on social media.
Many people said it was "gross".
An Instagram user commented: "Every day, we stray further and further away from God."
Other people praised her business skills.